hello to all welcome to the biggest
european metal music festival at
hellfest festival everything is bigger
there is a big wheel we are on it
there is also a big street we'll have it
just now and then there are also some
mega stars this is our image of the day
the english of iron maiden first head
of hellfest festival poster they have
ignited the scene with fifty thousand
festival
last night
me
how much in the summary tonight another
mega stars the american rob zombie a
musician but also a director
of horror movies
and then in our section you are
explains all about the metal doctor
francis zégut will come back on this funny
movements maybe we call the
headbanging puts right away in
the universe of metal there is not only the
music
there are also clothes and
tattoos
the hellfest it's another planet a
journey from where the visitor can report
a lifetime memory a little h in the same
skin most of the time will be at
inside the wrist or at the nape of the neck
to be able to stamps for girls
and then yesterday we have enough to say
we have come and are part of
of the band she does it is that here is
body is a big family and we are
she does here 22 artists take turns
non-stop for piercings and for
tattoos well there all the prices one can
start with a small h 2 5 cm for 40
euros
and after that can go up to 150
euros depending on the size of the cloud that
will have between the campsite and the scenes
the route is pointed to the extreme
market a shopping center where the
festivalgoer can quench his thirst for
shopping hellfest
the equivalent of one month's worth of
average business by realizing three
days in general it's still
it's even a good operation
looking for nothing in particular at
favorite a product that will us
please we will buy it for small
earrings bracelets pendants
here and your budget budget
similarly that budget we will say
for everything that is merchandise a
hundred euros we will stay
reasonable and to finish the little
Photo souvenir
story to tell the ffs 2014 I was there
for work the headbanging set for
to realize that we have a brain so
we make movements with the head
back and forth so the brain is typing
a little forward a little bit backwards
and here we say I'm alive then
when we have a lot of hair it takes a
another dimension a kind of amplitude or
brains tape more and more hard no
this is the headbanging simply
his companion music a filmmaker on
the cross the hellfest rolls out the
red carpet for the american rob zombie
both musician and director
this gives a press conference
before concert a little surreal at
level of questions including this one
dress your opinion about French cinema
I like French cinema
many of the favorite thater halls are
French by cons I do not know anyone
in the horror movie at home that
ci of a French in general that I like
to the canton metal band French you
have I do not even know Americans
during the French
ah the blows given expressly on his
filmography of horror cinema
stripper violent thriller but also
a remake of a Hollywood classic
with his halloween version
rob zombie assures on big screen all
continuing the music with his band
on stage the music with his sons and
the movies go with that here I am both
go together
no transport is found
rob zombie had already come to play
festival two years ago a rebroadcast
finally before attacking the shoot
of his next film in October
welcome to city square wings a
real go hard with a street and
then all the shops around or at
one of the novelties of hellfest 2014
the hellfest journal and well that's
finished 1 if it's over we come back
tomorrow
same place same time and as usual
we leave in music and especially in
images with the most beautiful looks of the
festival